# Site Overview - Team 7 (Semester 1, 2023)

### Posts
The posts on the website are divided into separate categories, such as photo gallery, magazines, events, and chord charts. Whenever new content needs to be added to any of these categories, such as a monthly magazine or new event, it is created as a post, assigned to its category and automatically included in the respective category page. WordPress generates these category pages, arranging the posts in order from the most recent to the least recent and includes a link to the individual post.

### Pages
All other content on the site is organized into individual pages. When creating a new page, for it to be accessed through the navigation bar or footer, it must be added as a link in the footer.php or header.php files which, are a part of the theme files. If any content on a currently published page needs to be edited this can be achieved within the WordPress page editor. Additionally, this also applies to any pages which are created in the future.

### Plugins
The site utilizes several plugins to manage specific functionalities. For example, the Forminator plugin handles form management. Whenever a user submits something to a form, the necessary information, such as contact details and a description of the issue, is accessible to the admin through Forminator (it is also sent to the admin’s email address). To add a new form, it can be created within the Forminator plugin, which also prompts the creation of a new page for the form. Alternatively, it can be added to an already existing page or post using the short code, which is generated by Forminator.

Another plugin used is the photo gallery plugin, which allows the admin to upload photos and it automatically generates a photo gallery. To include a photo gallery in a post or page, the photo gallery block provided by the plugin must be added. After adding the block it will prompt the user to select the desired gallery from a list of already created galleries and display it on the associated page. 

WordPress popular posts is another plugin employed, enabling the sorting of posts based on factors such as views or comments. The plugin generates a block that can be added to any page or post, and then allows the user to choose which posts are displayed in the list based on a filtered criteria, for example, excluding post authors or including only certain categories.

